[Content switcher] Update docs–Usage and Style pages (#3958)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/content-switcher/usage.mdx

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Anatomy of a content switcher](images/content-switcher-usage-anatomy.png)

</Column>
</Row>

<Caption>Anatomy of a content switcher</Caption>

1. **Selected content tab:** Only one content tab can be selected at a time and
   there should always be one selected.
2. **Content tab:** Selectable container for each content view.
3. **Label text:** Text or icon that describes the content view.

> 4. **Content view:** Consists of a specific component(s) that is usually right

Author: I'm really not sure about the text since that could imply that it works like tabs, and TJ said that would change the component views only.

> 4. **Content view:** Consists of a specific component(s) that is usually right

Reviewer: Ok! Sounds good.

<DoDontRow>
  <DoDont type="do" caption="Do vertically align swichers with other page content.">

![Do vertically align the switcher with other page content](images/content-switcher-usage-alignment-do.png)

  </DoDont>
  <DoDont type="dont" caption="Do not flush align the switcher to the edges of containers.">

![Do not flush align the switcher to the edges of containers](images/content-switcher-usage-alignment-dont.png)

  </DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

#### Aligning to the content

For content-driven widths, the content tab with the longest label text should
have 16px spacing to the right of the label, and then the widths of all other
tabs should match that widest tab.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

> ![An example of a content-driven width content switcher.](images/content-switcher-usage-size-content.png)

Author: wow that white line was spot on

> ![An example of a content-driven width content switcher.](images/content-switcher-usage-size-content.png)

Reviewer: I don't see this anymore!

  mistaken for action buttons.

<DoDontRow>
  <DoDont type="do" caption="Do phrase labels as nouns or noun phrases">

![Do phrase labels as nouns or noun phrases](images/content-switcher-usage-content-do.png)

  </DoDont>
  <DoDont type="dont" caption="Do not phrase labels as actions">

![Do not phrase labels as actions](images/content-switcher-usage-content-dont.png)

  </DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

### Overflow content

If the label text is too long in a content tab, add an ellipsis and accompany it
with a browser-based tooltip to show the full string of text. If a label is too
long to fit within its control tabs, consider using the icon modifier.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example shows the overflow text in a content switcher’s tab.](images/content-switcher-usage-overflow.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### Further guidance

For further content guidance, see Carbon's
[content guidelines](/guidelines/content/overview/).

## Behaviors

### States

Content switcher's default-enabled state includes two types: **selected** and
**unselected** with the selected state using a high contrast color. Other
interactive states are **hover**, **focus**, and **disabled**. Learn more about
states on the

> [Style](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/content-switcher/style) tab.

Reviewer: She said to capitalize those areas

#### Keyboard

Users can activate the content switcher by pressing the tab and then navigating
between content switcher tabs by pressing the `left` or `right` arrow.

Users can choose to automatically change the selection on focus of the selected
content tab, or manually change the focus state of the unselected content tab
between tabs. For additional keyboard interactions, see the
[Accessibility](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/content-switcher/accessibility)
tab.

### Responsive behavior

Icon content switchers are compact and do not take up much screen space,
therefore they often work in different screen sizes. Where necessary, icon
content switchers can also be used as a responsive replacement for content
switchers.

> <Column colLg='8'>
> <GifPlayer color='dark'>
> 
> ![Example of the responsive behavior of the content switcher](/images/content-switcher-usage-responsive.gif)
> 
> ![Example of the responsive behavior of the content switcher](/images/content-switcher-usage-responsive.png)
> 
> </GifPlayer>
> </Column>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
<GifPlayer color='dark'>

![Example of the responsive behavior of the content switcher](/images/content-switcher-usage-responsive.gif)

![Example of the responsive behavior of the content switcher](/images/content-switcher-usage-responsive.png)

</GifPlayer>
</Column>
</Row>
```

Author: adding <Row></Row> solves the issue! ⛳️
